guy change your life change the plaque
I am back on the west coast in my old
home of Los Angeles and I'm going to
show you something really cool a way to
make a smoothie a green smoothie that's
not actually green it's going to be a
full ver smoothie fo meaning false ver
meeting green it's a fake green smoothie
but it really is a green smoothie I'm a
green smoothie I'm the real green
smoothie all the other smoothies are not
green smoothies with a view green
smoothie please stand up please stand up
so I'm putting in two frozen bananas
three-quarters of a cup of frozen
raspberries five bar he dates which are
awesome the little scoop of chia seeds
because I'm in California and that's how
they roll here you go they're all doing
the superfood stuff and what else
broccoli yes a cup and a half of
broccoli and then some filtered water
and we are ready to rock and roll I
don't have my Blendtec blender with me
so I'm using like a standard cuisinart
so we're going to see how this does with
broccoli and raspberries and dates and
stuff on your mark get set go
tada oh look now it's green yay so if
you want to get your kids to drink a
green smoothie but they don't like the
color green it freaks them out use
broccoli which is super nutritious it's
a cruciferous vegetable like kale but
doesn't color the smoothie green unless
you put it in green glass like this and
that's another fun way that you can kind
of amp up your kids smoothies to put
them in different color glasses right
mmm like what you've done there very
nice crunchy interesting it's got kind
of a an Okie mouthfeel
a little bit of a broccoli chestnut
bouquet and
a little bit of a fig finish it's very
good you should try it's from Sonoma
County what are you guys drinking Oh
green smoothie do you like it yes is it
yummy hmm what's in it do you know you
saw us put the broccoli in there see
much of a you're faking it oh you've
seen my videos and you know that I
sneaked the broccoli in there and you
like the broccoli in there awesome is
that how old are you to your five and
how old is Leon and he's too and he's
drinking a broccoli green smoothie at
two years old and he likes it do you
like that you like it like it are you
happy whore
you